Maintain created time when reingesting an item (#196)
stac-utils/stac-server: CHANGELOG.md

- Open-ended datetime intervals using either empty string or '..' now work
- Correct content types are now returned
- Searching for a nonexistent collection returns empty results

> - Re-ingesting an item maintains the created timestamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-ingesting an Item maintains the existing value of properties.created and sets properties.updated to now
```
